[Music]
hello and welcome to the kitchen today
I'm going to show you how to make
watermelon slushies
they are so delicious and really healthy
because all you need is fruit and then a
choice of a fruit and some lime that's
it
okay so the first thing I'm going to
show you is more melon and strawberry so
I had a whole baby watermelon and
yesterday I cut it in half and I chopped
half of it and I put it in the freezer
so the day you want to drink it ideally
freeze it the day before or the morning
before so I'm just going to cut up the
rest of this melon just use my finger
just kind of knocked out the seeds so
why don't you put your melon into wedges
just cut it up into rough chunks so at
this point if you've got little kids and
just have quite long knife really just
and help break that up into the pieces
first I just need to get the juice out
two lines so the top team if you want to
get some juice out citrus fruit it's a
really good idea to roll the legs on the
surface so just use your pressure and
that really helps it to yield a lot more
juice abusiveness so just kind of
squeeze down on a juicer and just kind
of squash it against that and just make
sure you get as much so your juice out
as you can and if you see any seeds just
make sure that you whip them out before
you put it into your slushie so I'm just
going to pour this into a little Bowl
just second line here if you don't have
a juicer you can just slide it into a
bowl just squeeze it over your hands
like that and just catch the seeds or
just pick them out after you've got lime
juice add some strawberries and some
fresh balls minutes I'm just gonna cut
these strawberries in half they're quite
big before I put them into my food
processor
so it's exactly the same thing that I
did with this half and I just pop them
into the freezer overnight so they're
all frozen
because it's a slushy so we need it to
be nice and icy cold and since when it's
all blended versions the perfect slushy
I just oh my
fresh throw in here I guess that's my
fresh fruit in that my frozen watermelon
I'm just going to add my lime juice in
[Music]
if you're doing this with little kids
just make sure you supervise them
they're using a food processor and I'm
just gonna flicks it and if it's all
slushy and smooth Johnny cloud is here
so let's just fill these up with
slushies so I'm going to show you a
couple of other favors I've got some
pineapple and some mango and some
blueberry and raspberry so let's get
them whisked up as well so in goes my
watermelon that's looking perfect it
smells delicious
out delicious
look at those now I'm gonna do exactly
the same as I did before I'm going to
show you a different flavor so I've got
my heart freshman's melon pop frozen
watermelon 225 grams of pineapple and
mango and
so let's get these in the food processor
[Music]
well I hope you enjoy watching the video
and I hope you make your own slushies
and if you do share pics and use the
hashtag stay safe get cooking I'd love
to see some of yours and actually put
some different flavors you're going to
make see you soon bye
[Applause]
[Music]